[Cases] Deprecated endpoints (#1494)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/api/cases-api/cases-api-get-case-comments.asciidoc

NOTE: Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to {kibana-ref}/console-kibana.html[Run {es} API requests].

> WARNING: This endpoint is deprecated and will be removed in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: This endpoint is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
```

Reviewer: Changing it to a singular release instead of multiple ones.
